Field types structure redesign (#1335)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/api/field_types_reference/xmltextfield.md

# XmlText Field Type

> The XmlText Field Type isn't officially supported by [[= product_name =]]. It can be installed by requiring `ezsystems/ezplatform-xmltext-fieldtype`. PlatformUI does not support WYSIWYG editing of Fields of this type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The XmlText Field Type isn't officially supported by [[= product_name =]]. It can be installed by requiring `ezsystems/ezplatform-xmltext-fieldtype`. The Back Office does not support WYSIWYG editing of Fields of this type.
```
PlatformUI is an outdated term for the Back Office in earlier product versions
